---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

###February 8 through 12###
###Past week ###
This past week I've mostly been working on the voting project. The professor went over the assignment in class and discussed how we should determine the winner, which helped clarify the project. I got to listen to the Ben from Main Street Hub talk about software development, which was interesting. It is always good to know a little bit about how real companies work and what tools the use to make their products.

###Challenges###
My main challenge with this project was remembering how to use all of the data structures that I've learned. We made a struct with a few arrays in it, but we've spent a few hours just getting all of the arrays to return properly with the correct values that we entered into it. The previous assignment had a simple programming problem with most of the work coming from all of the extra requirements taking a long time. This assignment also had a fairly simple programming problem, but the difficulty is instead in debugging the code.

###Next week###
Next week I will finish up the voting project. I've gotten the basic solution working but still need to work on the optimization. I'd like to get it finished early so that I can test it and work on any problems that arise. Ideally, I would like to submit the project early on Thursday so that I can have a stress free day and write my essay due on Friday.

###Experience so far###
I'm think that this class is very useful class because it gives out useful information, both for software development as well as for school and career choices. I would have liked if we had one more week to work on the project, but the workload is still pretty fair. 

###Tip of the week###
When starting on a coding assignment, start out by creating a rough draft. Just writing out some pseudocode on a  piece of paper before can really help when you finally start coding. It allows you to think of the basic problem and to start seeing the solution and algorithm. It makes the assignment less intimidating by starting small and working up to a solution. I think that pseudocode is able to convey ideas much more easily and more clearly than real code, and you can write it and change it without dedicating as much time. I usually just start writing out ideas for coding assignments on some paper, and then after several ideas I come up with a working solution. 
