---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

###February 29 through March 4###
###Past week ###
On Monday we finished up reviewing classes and writing the RangeIterator class, and two days later we learned more about classes by writing the range class. On Friday we took the test on Canvas.

###Challenges###
I guess my challenge this week would be that the test was online instead of on paper. I appreciate that this saves hundreds of pages of paper, and I know that handwritten tests can be hard to read at times as well. However, I think that a paper test is much easier to take than a Canvas test. Part of the reason is that I can circle words, write notes, and generally better prepare an answer than when I can only write in a designated text box. The other reason was that the text box was so small and I could never see all of my code. I also that an online test isn’t as good is that it would be much easier to cheat. The professor and TA were very good about moving around, so it would be difficult to cheat with other materials, but it could probably be done in the back row. I also think someone could just close their laptop halfway through, leave, and open it up again with every resource they want, though the professor and TA might have been looking for this too. Luckily every one in the room was a more mature student who had put a large amount of time and money into their degree, so cheating probably didn’t happen. 

###Next week###
We got the specifics for the next project this weekend. I’m not going to start on it until we go over it in class and until I get a partner, but I will look over it before class. I don’t think I’ve used the heap since my Operating Systems class a year ago, so it should interesting learning everything again. 

###Tip of the week###
After you finish up a project go through your file system and organize it. Delete what you don’t need so that it doesn’t build up. Back up what you really want to keep so that you don’t lose it. Organize your folders and projects so that you can better find what you need to later. When I’m working on a project I don’t think too much about what the folder will look like in the future, so my file system is often a mess after a project. Even if you don’t do this it is still a good habit to keep a tidy workspace whenever you can. Really, this is just a good habit for anything. After building something throw away the trash and put away the tools. After making food clean the dishes and organize them. 
