---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

###March 28 through April 1###
###Past week ###
On Monday we went over iterators and started learning about constant values and constant pointers, as well as hor development process, and on Friday we learned about the implementation of vector. w to and when to use them. We continued learning about constants on Wednesday and then moved onto arrays, and focused on arrays of different types. My partner and I had already written most of the functions for the project and only needed to finish up the valid() function and get all of the unit tests working. We managed to get all of the project working and all of the tests passing and submitted the project on time.

###Challenges###
My challenge for the Darwin project has been not using any getters of setters with it. It is so tempting to use getters to retrieve all of the values that I want, and then to just use them all in one function in order to determine the results. However, I can definitely see the benefits of not using them in class definitions and keeping it all abstracted. One problem I've found is that for some data types a getter or settter seems to be easiest and most reasonable, but we've found a way to get past all of our problems so far.

###Next week###
Next week I will finish up Darwin project and turn it in. I've got some math homework, another project, and a test this week as well, so it is going to be difficult finding time to do everything.

###Tip of the week###
My tip for the week is the [find command] (http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/find.1.html)
It is a very simple, fast, and powerful tool for finding files on UNIX systems. An example command is 
find ~ -name “file.c++”
Which would let you find that file in case you don't remember where you saved it or don't know if you even have that file on your machine
