---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

###May 2 through 6###
###Past week ###
We spent time is class finishing up vector and then learning about static variables. These comprised three problems on the exam, so they were pretty important to learn, and luckily I spent more time on these concepts because I expected them to be on the exam. I spent a good deal of the week studying and preparing for this exam. I still had a report to write, two presentations—one of which I wasn't even told about until Tuesday—another test, and some math Homework. Somehow I managed my schedule and gave myself plenty of time to study for the test. 

###Challenges###
The test was challenging and stressful. I feel like the test would have been better as a three hour exam encompassing all of the second half of the semester. I had to study everything but was only tested on a few parts of it. Since there was more coding on this exam I appreciated that it was on my laptop and not on paper.

###Next week###
Next week I am going to study for my two finals that I still have left to take.

###Experience so far###
I liked this class more that most other classes that I have taken. I thought that the material was useful and I am much better at writing code than I was going into the class. I would have liked if there was five minutes on each quiz and if we could look through each of the questions, or at least look back at questions but not be able to change them. 

###Tip of the week###
[iTerm2](https://www.iterm2.com/) is a terminator-like terminal for mac. It allows you to easily create more shells in the same screen and move around them. This is much easier than creating multiple instances of the terminal and switching between them.
