---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

###January 19 through 22###
###Past week ###
Monday was Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, so my first day of class for CS371p was on Wednesday. In class we discussed the differences and similarities between C++ and Java. We also reviewed the syllabus to see what the course would be like. Overall, it looks like there will be a relatively large workload, but if I spread it out and start early, I should be able to finish everything on time without too much stress. On Friday we took a quiz, and discussed the first project. I started working on the project that day, but so far I have only passed the first dozen steps.

###Challenges###
The problem in the first project is pretty simple, but the setup that goes along with it will take some time. It all looks simple enough, but since the grade requires a specific setup, I will need to be careful to set it up correctly. Though I listened in class, I was not prepared enough for the quiz on Friday, and I still missed one of the three problems. I am taking CS373 Software Engineering concurrently with this course, and one problem I found when writing this blog was that my memories of both classes are blending together since they both have the same teacher, structure, and (so far) basically the same content.

###Next week###
Next week I plan on working on the project more and hopefully finishing it. I'm going to go over my notes before the quiz so that I am prepared for any questions on it. Four out of seven points on one quiz isn't bad, but if I continue getting that grade, I'll lose nine percent on my final score for the semester. 

###Tip of the week###
Pay attention in class, since the teacher asks questions to random students in class and also because of the quizzes. Normally, you can daydream or look at the internet, and then either fail or cram at the last moment, but this class forces you to pay attention.
