---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

###February 7 through 11###
###Past week ###
On Monday we went over the new project and what we will need to do in order to complete it. We learned about heaps and how to allocate and deallocate them. I got started on this project early since I have many more projects that I need to also work on in the coming weeks. On Wednesday a guest speaker from RackSpace came to talk to us about software development. We had no class on Friday which was helpful since there would have been so much traffic since Spring Break, SXSW, and the president were coming to town. 

###Challenges###
My challenge this week was scheduling time for all of the projects that I am working on. I have three projects due on the Thursday after the break instead of just one or two to work on, and each of them is a group project, for a total of nine other partners and schedules. 378 worked out since no one else wanted to work on it until after the break, and the heap project worked out since I only have one partner and he is mostly open all day, so it was mostly just letting the other partners in 373 find when they were available in their schedule. 

###Next week###
Next week is Spring Break, so I don't know how much I will get done. I plan on working on some of my projects and also just taking the week a little easier. Since I have so many projects to work on I'll need to work on those. The week after Spring Break I will need to finish up the projects with my group and 

###Tip of the week###
I've found that an external hard drive is a pretty good investment. I got a one terabyte drive a few years ago for $70, and it is a little cheaper now. You can partition it into different file systems and still have a large amount of space left over. I put all the files on it that I think I might someday use but know that I won't for a while. I like keeping a tidy file system, and know when a large file is probably junk, but many times when I get back into a hobby or take a class that uses something I haven't used in years I will still have all of the files still saved on the little drive. 
