---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

###January 25 through 29###
###Past week ###
This past week I learned more about the first project in class and also learned about unit tests and how to utilize them in projects. I spent some time working on the project and speeding it up so that it would be accepted on Sphere. I was eventually able to optimize it, though Sphere now throws errors. The prime example on Friday was a useful example on good and bad unit tests.

###Challenges###
I don't usually test my code extensively when working on a project. Normally, I will work out the expected output and then compare that with my output. Sometimes I will output several hundreds lines to an output file and then run the diff command to check for discrepancies, but it was still done manually by me. This first project should hopefully teach me a great deal about making accurate and useful tests, and make finding the problems with my code more easy. 

###Next week###
I plan on finishing the project and getting it accepted on Sphere. Even though that is only extra credit, I would like all the help I can get, since there are many steps and requirements that I could mess up on. Also, I would like to start the semester off with a good grade in case more projects pile on later in the semester from other classes.

###Experience so far###
I like the class so far. There is a fair amount of coursework, but it is doable with a steady rate of work.

###Tip of the week###
In vim, “:set expandtab” will change the tab key to insert spaces, “set tabstop=n” will set the number of spaces inserted by tab to be n, and “:set expandtab!” will set tab to insert tabs.
