---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

###April 18 through 22###
###Past week ###
This past week we learned more about abstract classes and methods and how to use them. We went over the handler class and how that works so that we could use it in the project. My partner and I had gotten most of the project done early so we only had to do a little this past week, which made for a much less stressful week. 

###Challenges###
The thing that I found most challenging this week was the handler class. We didn't seem to learn about it or discuss it until last Friday and this Monday, so it made implementing it more difficult since we were required to try to implement more of it on our own, but we still managed to get through it and finish it.

###Next week###
Since this was our last project I won't have as much that I need to do in the next week. However, I still have math homework, another project, and an essay that I need to work on next week, so that will take up some time. I also need to create the portfolio for this the extra credit. After that I will start studying for this exam. Since I did poorly on the first exam, it is extremely important that I do well on this test, so I will be studying as much as I can for this.

###Tip of the week###
Start studying as soon as you can and as much as you can. The test is worth 22 points of your final grade, which is a quite a lot, so make it worth it. Plan out your schedule as much as you can and get any other homework out of the way so that you have time to study.
