---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

###February 22 through 26###
###Past week ###
On Monday we started with a review of operators and what they require and return. Downing We then moved on to lambdas and learned about how to use those work and what we can and cannot do with them. On Wednesday Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile came in and talked to us about opensource code and sharing solutions with other people. He stressed how open source projects can allow a community to come up with a better solution than by closing their solution. On Friday we learned more about lambdas and initializing them, and using different types of constructors. 

###Challenges###
It might sound weird, but the lack of schoolwork to do this past week was my biggest difficulty. When I get into a working mindset I can work very well. When this carries over for several days I become a machine that takes in assignments and churns out solutions. I finish assignments in less time and the solutions even seem to be better. This week I only had two tests, and nothing else. I studied for the tests, and that was about it. Since I didn't have any homework to fill up my time I had to find other things to entertain my mind. Now that I am getting more assignments I am needing to get back into the working mindset, which is difficult. 

###Next week###
Next week I'll study for my two tests. Both are on Canvas, and are worth a large portion of my grade for the semester. Even getting few wrong could drop me down a letter grade. I also have an essay due on Friday, so I will need to work on that early so that I can dedicate Wednesday and Thursday to studying for the tests. 

###Tip of the week###
Terminator is a terminal with a main focus on using multiple windows. Oftentimes I'll find that I need two windows when working on an assignment. I might be ssh'd into a machine reading a file while running a program in another, or I might be looking at output from a program while looking at machine load on another. Sometimes I will just open up multiple terminals each time that I need them, but this has the benefit of being contained in one instance of an application. It's pretty easy to use, and comes is installed on all of the cs lab machines.
