---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

###April 4 through 8###
###Past week ###
On Monday we learned about vectors and how they are implemented. We build the vector class and methods together. My partner had began early, but we still had quite a bit to do on it. Since we couldn't use getters or setters, we had to create quite a few methods in order to perform each instruction without exposing our implementation. Each of these methods then required three unit tests each, which meant that we had to create about 72 unit tests in total and make sure that each one worked correctly. We worked on the project up until about it was due and managed to get it submitted on time.

###Challenges###
My biggest challenge this past week was finding time to work on everything that I had to do. I had homework, quizzes, a test, and two projects due on Thursday. While every week that projects are due is stressful, this was worse than usual since both of these projects had a ton of work with them. This project ended up taking quite a long time, and the software engineering project also took until it 10 pm, though luckily the due date was postponed another day,

###Next week###
Next week we will get the instructions for project five and then I will start working on it. I have a test on Tuesday, and that is the only big thin that I have to do between now and when the project is due. This will be good because having a test on Wednesday ended up putting me further behind schedule than I would have wanted to be. 

###Tip of the week###
Sending an email from the command line can be useful if you are using headless machine or don't have a good email client or browser to use. [This article](http://tecadmin.net/ways-to-send-email-from-linux-command-line/) mentions multiple ways to send an email from the Linux command line.
