---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

###February 15 through 19###
###Past week ###
This past week I spent a bit of time working on the voting assignment. I was able to finish the code by Tuesday, and then the next day was easy getting the comments and other requirements setup. This was better than the previous project where I still hadn't written any comments until a few hours before it was due. 

###Challenges###
My main challenge this week was finding enough time for everything. I had two projects, some homework, and an essay this week. I had enough time, but since I was working with partners for two projects I couldn't just work on the assignments whenever I wanted to. This wasn't much of a challenge really, but it was the only new one this week. 

###Next week###
Next week I have two tests, and the following week I have two Downing tests. I will mostly be studying for theses tests, and working on a project for another class. I haven't done very well on the canvas quizzes, so I am a little concerned about the tests.

###Experience so far###
I like the consistency of the class, and I like that I am learning a good deal of new and useful material. I don't like that I only have a relatively short amount of time to complete the canvas quizzes.

###Tip of the week###
My tip of the week is to use aliases. An alias is shortcut that you can use to represent another set of commands. It is very useful to create an alias for a command that you use very often, or for a command that you forget, either because you don't use it very often, or because it is too complicated. 
Here are a few that I've are found use in on my machine<br />
alias voting="cd ~/371p/voting/cs371p-voting"<br />
alias reset_dev="git reset --hard origin/dev"<br />
alias nbain=”ssh nbain@aida.cs.utexas.edu”<br />
You can put it in the bash profile or bashrc files so that your machine will load it each time.
