---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

###February 1 through 5###
###Past week ###
This past week I spent quite a bit of time working on the project and making everything work the way that I wanted. I made sure the unit tests were useful and corrected a problem in my acceptance tests. I had already optimized the code to be pretty fast the previous week, but it wasn't passing Sphere. I managed to fix the problems and got it to pass Sphere, and finished up the rest of the problems that I found while testing my code. The class material wasn't very difficult this week, as it was mostly a review of what I had previously learned in the introductory data structures and architecture classes. 

###Challenges###
I had several other projects to work on this week that took up time. I had to go to the career fair, I had a math assignment that I needed to write a program for, and my Software Engineering class also had its own collatz project, and I needed to write an essay for another class. I needed to prepare for the career fair by looking up the companies, and then going to the fair, which took a few hours out of my day. The math assignment had a pretty simple problem, but I wanted it to work for most input, and I wanted to use C++, so I wrote my own algebra functions to solve the input functions, which took several hours. Since the Software engineering project was pretty much the same as this project, I was able to copy most of my work, but since there were so many other requirements it still ended up taking up a chunk of my week. I had to write an essay on gender relations found in Hammurabi's code, which took some time to finish. I've only written one essay in the past eight months, which was about program optimizations. I finished everything before it was due, but it put a bit of stress on me.

###Next week###
I only have a few things to do for my for my other classes, so I'm going to try to finish up all of it early so that I have time for anything else that comes up, and so that I can start working as early as possible on other projects.

###Experience so far###
I thought that the first project took a while and a had a pretty large workload, but that was only because of all the requirements. Other than that, the coding was easy, and now that I know how to make tests and use github more effectively, it should make that part of the later assignments much easier.

###Tip of the week###
[Gnuplot](http://www.gnuplot.info/) is a simple command line graphing tool. It might take a little bit more time than excel to set up, but not much more. The great thing about it is that the user is in full control of everything in the graph, and if you like the graph you can save it in small configuration file. It is also very useful if you want a user generated graph for a website, since the commands can just be called with a php file. 
